GIVE YOUR CARE, TO SHOW YOU CARE

World hunger is an epidemic that continues to take the lives of our young ones.
Every year millions of children die out of hunger.

Without food children cannot learn, grow and live healthy lives.
Join Merrie’s Care Foundation and support our vision to help eradicate world hunger beginning from our locale.
Donate now, feed a child today.



SHOW YOUR CARE
It is painful to watch children live life at a disadvantage and go hungry every day because of their unfortunate
circumstances.

Children’s right to social amenities, protection and education is under threat due to world hunger, local and
international wars, and shortage of resources especially when they are born under privileged.

Children are truly gifts and indeed the future of our tomorrow. Regardless of their background privileged or not all
children deserve equal rights and provision of necessary social amenities.

We do not need to rely on the government alone to carry out this great task. Join us at Merrie Care Foundation, give
your part to show you actually care.



OUR VISION
The vision of Merrie Care Foundation is to help create a world where children without parental support can have and
access basic social amenities like food, quality education, security and standard health care beginning from our locale.

OUR MISSION
We strife to reach and touch as many lives as we can, catering for at least two hundred children a year with our
different programmers’ and vocational trainings so that children and young adults can learn worthwhile skills that’ll
help give them a better future.

OUR VALUES
Integrity: We are committed to following all ethical principles on child welfare to properly carry out our mission under
the constraint of the law as regards to children’s rights and privileges.

Trustworthiness: Being trustworthy is one of our key values. We will be always accountable to our patrons and ensure
that we manage funds entrusted to us and channel them solely for the wellbeing of the children.


WANT TO HEAR MORE FROM US
Get a monthly report of the lives being touched through the foundation

Our email newsletter is administered by Merrie’s Care Foundation Ng, and will only be sent once a month. You can
unsubscribe anytime.

ABOUT US
Merrie’s Care Foundation is a non-governmental organization with a group of volunteers who volunteers who began
supporting the foundation since 2019.
Though the foundation was founded in 2019 it began it’s core activities in 2020 when more people showed interest and
their was adequate sponsorship to carry out activities.

THE PEOPLE OF MERRIE’S CARE
THE FOUNDER – Elizabeth Ibisiki
Elizabeth Ibisiki is a graduate of Library and Information Science, Rivers State University Port Harcourt Nigeria. She
is the founder and manager of Merrie’s Care Foundation. Elizabeth is very passionate about child growth and development,
being an orphan herself and a very early age she understands the struggle of not having the basic needs of a growing
child.
She started this foundation with a few friends and college mates who share the same vision and are passionate about
child care.
MEMBERS AND PATRONS
GRAND PATRON
VICTORY OROMA ANDERSON – Is our grand patron. She is the CEO of Mart- Son Fabrics, a writer and philanthropist. Victory
is a graduate of English and Literary Studies, Rivers State University Port Harcourt Nigeria.
Ms. Anderson is one of the founding members of Merrie’s Care Foundation and has been active ever since. Participating
actively sponsoring all activities of the foundation.
NOTABLE MEMBERS
CHRISTY BARIVULE TEKIN – Christy is a graduate of English and Literary Studies, Rivers State University Port Harcourt
Nigeria. She is a proficient OAP/Hostess and MC. She is passionate about the less privileged and always provides
sponsorship for events organized by the foundation.
VICTORY UNEKWUOJO ATTAH – Victory is a radio presenter and entrepreneur. She is also a graduate of English and Literary
Studies, Rivers State University Port Harcourt Nigeria. Ms. Attah is very passionate about building a better and safer
world for children, she uses her voice as a radio presenter to educate the masses on children rights and privileges. She
joined the foundation in 2020 and has been an active member ever since.


OUR WORKS
As a team we know it is better to work as one therefore we come together forfeiting all our religious and cultural
differences, having in mind the vision and mission of the Foundation and putting our best to reach out to as many as we
can.
Here is one of our visits to orphanage in Rivers State Nigeria.
Our members all come together to support and contribute in the little way they can.
Want to be a part of the foundation and show your support? Fill the form below to register.
You can also donate to the course. Remember nothing is too small to give a child in need.